There might be something to that. Why is it racist to say, why is it racist?
They were smarter. Right? Just say something as less smart, but less. Yeah.
But no, we're the smartest ones. Maybe second.
Maybe the Chinese girl, you beat. Well, you know, Asians, this is,
what's really crazy. Yeah.
There's a real issue right now with Asians and university enrollments,
particularly in Harvard, they discriminate against Asians.
Asian, so many apply.
Because so many are kicking.
To get them out of them.
Yeah. And there's,
there's like real talk about how this is crazy because Asian
people for BI, all right, this is a generalization and try not to be racist,
but generally speaking,
Asian students are known as working very hard and they're
very dedicated and they're very successful.
And the representation is overwhelming in terms of their numbers in the
population. And sure they're killing it, killing it.
And because of that and their,
their mindset is to just work really hard.
It's not to protest the things and not to shut things down.
It's just to work in the library.
During all those protests that is in the library.
For the Indians, while this is all happening.
I'm not saying that they're not socially conscious,
but while this is all happening,
they're not protesting it the way may be other groups that felt
marginalized, whether it was people of color or trans people or gay people,
whatever it is, don't feel represented or discriminated against,
they would be shutting down, you know,
conferences and yelling down speakers and shouting out in the hallway.
But the Asians,
the whole reason why they kick is because they don't spend any time on petty get
done. So because of that, the Harvard, Harvard Harvard is saying, Hey,
we're going to be racist against you.
Cause we know you're not going to complain. Well, why, what? Look at this,
pull this up, pull this up. Jamie.
I want you to pull up Asian students harder to get into
Harvard lawsuit. That's crazy. It's crazy.
And it's not a small amount.
They're discriminating by they're making their grades considerably higher in
order to gain acceptance. Really? Yes.
Wow. Yeah. I mean, is that because of a natural breakdown of different races,
you can't.
You can't slow one down. And that.
Just means whatever would have less, less productive.
And graduates. It doesn't make any sense. It's a crazy way of thinking,
but it's all in this idea of diversity.
Like instead of treating people as individuals,
instead of just saying human beings,
you have to have each class represented by a certain amount of people,
but it's not anti racist. It's like,
it's not a racist idea to want everybody to be treated as one.
It's just,
it can be done with an eye on avoiding all possible racism.
It can be done to people purely as individuals.
Here's the worst way that can ever be done.
The worst way is you tell the most successful people were complaining the least
that they have to work harder. You are getting by your genes. You,
the people in your past and your group, your little gene pool, two good.
You're doing too good in school.
So we don't make it harder than it is from my kids.
That's not literally what people are doing there because if they didn't Harvard
would, it'd be like all Asians, Asians would be dominating.
And the very reason why they think they can get away with this lawsuit, accuses,
Harvard have discriminated against Asian-American applicants in personal
ratings, personal.
Writings.
I don't know what it is, man. They're making it more difficult.
It says students for fair admissions has accused Harvard of intentionally
discriminating against Asian-American applicants by limiting their admissions
numbers. So they're limiting the number of, oh, and this many agents.
That's super hard for like,
let's say like Vietnamese or not the Chinese or Japanese, you know, Asian.
The late. We don't know if this is true. We should say, you know,
just to be really clear, this is a lawsuit. We don't know if this is true,
but this is the argument. And this is the argument that many, many,
many people have made. Now I haven't really personally researched this,
but I know a lot of like legitimate intellectuals have brought this up in
debates and conversations. And they're saying, look, this is an issue.
This is essentially,
this is sanctioned racism against one group because they're too effective.
So you're limiting.
Or you're saying why we're trying to get more of an emphasis on like
extracurricular.
Should we get in or out based on being Asian or based on being
European, that's crazy.
You should get in or out by you having merit and you being, oh,
a worthy student and difficult schools like Harvard are supposed to be
difficult. And if the cream of the crop all comes from Asia,
shouldn't we look at what the we're doing here. That we can't compete with them.
I mean, what is it? Wow there, do we want Asian students?
Do we want to compete with them? I mean, is it too much?
Or they were requiring too much of their life to be successful with their Stu
their schoolwork. I mean, that's the thing, too.
If you're going through college.
You want a normal life. You want to blow up your normal life to.
What,
if you're going through college and everything you're doing all day is studying.
And you literally,
you might have like some part-time job somewhere to make some money for food.
And then you're studying more, right? Maybe you have a part-time job,
a lot of people don't. So if you think about all that, that's not the.
Kind of life I want for my kids. That's a.
Crazy life. And especially with some of the things are just for four years,
some of the things it's not that anything you're really interested in,
but you have to get it on. You have to, you know,
you have to have a fully balanced education. So you have to take classes.
You're not even remotely interested in and you have to do it.
And it's this one way.
And this is how we can assure that you have enough knowledge that we can give
you a piece of paper that says you have a degree. I mean,
an Asians are killing it.
Alec. They are killing it. That's the game. Okay.
Well, we'll just going to work 20 hours, dude. I, my friend junk sick.
I've think I've told you about him before.
He was a U S national TaeKwonDo team member. When I was like, Hmm.
I was less junk. Sec.
Indonesia, junk sick Chang he's Korean. He was going through his residency.
He was going to be a doctor going through his residency and training for the
national team. And he was running stairs, running stairs in the school,
in between studying. He would do studying the nude, run the stairs.
I got a hold of guy. I've got back, dude, you couldn't hold him back.
He slept four hours a night. That if.
That's true, that's the same as like, he was always tired.
He's.
Always tired because he works hard. So, he didn't.
Give a. He was always tired. He would just show up exhausted and kick. Wow.
And he wasn't physically talented either. This guy made it to the,
to the nationals and he,
he became a national champion and he wasn't even like really,
really physically talented.
It wasn't like some freak athlete that just move super fast. You can't,
he's just unbelievably smart, unbelievably hard worker.
But I saw the way that guy was living as he was like,
I was a couple of years younger than him.
And he was going through his residency and training and doing all this crazy at
the same time. And I was, I was like, I'm exhausted just watching you. Like,
I can't see how the soup could be worth it to do all those things. Did you,
one of those things, maybe that's what I want to do.
I want to do one of those things, but you're doing two of those things.
He was doing what I was doing. And then on top of them more and way more,
way more. He was doing schoolwork. Dad was delivering newspapers and.
Th if that's happening, they're just saying like,
it's the same thing as like making it so white people get ahead. It's crazy.
It's like, oh, there's loitering laws. Now you're arrested.
If you don't have a job.
That's it. This is where you can realize that all this stuff is crazy.
You're S you're, you're being racist against a minority.
And you think it's okay because they kick so much.
Cause they're a powerful, we can take them down south.
It's literally racist.
Because if you're saying you can only have a certain number of these people in
there, it's crazy. That's racist. It's gotta be tough to say no,
we're trying to keep a diverse population.
It's not a representative population of the best of the.
Yeah. I mean,
they should take off any of their names off their applications or something like
that. And just be like, let's see what they got. Yeah.
But I guess they'd probably judge you based on many things. Right.
You know, they try that for the old daily show with Jon.
Stewart. Just take the names off the application.
We don't want to see your names. Just so your writing sample. Oh.
That's smart.
Yeah. That's smart. Well, here's what happened though.
They hired only white males. Yeah.
And then John Stewart was like, okay,
I guess we're going in blind is not enough. I guess we up.
He didn't even say like, well, that just shows. It's not our fault.
That's just randomly. We had eight people and they happened to be white dudes.
Here's the thing though. If you had movers. Okay.
And you wanted to move furniture and you tested people for moving furniture,
is it okay to hire all men? It's okay. Why?
Because they're physically stronger physically right now. Um,
is it okay to hire someone who you think is going to be the best
at the job or do you have to have a certain amount of women?
So you wouldn't expect it from something physical, like a moving company,
but why should it be mandatory for something like a creative?
Well, it's different a little bit because no one,
except the client is appreciating the movers. So he's just like,
if I'm hiring on the only one who have to deal with it.
Like say if you were saved, you were, um, doing a show like a woman's show,
a woman's comedy show.
What am I me now? Or am I a woman? You'd have to be a woman.
Okay, go ahead. And you want,
you are a female executive producer and you want to have like a female voice to
it. So you want to just hire some really funny chicks and what guy is going to,
I know, obviously it happens way, way, way,
way more often the opposite way where women get discriminated against.
But what guy is going to say, no, that. I want a part of this. You know,
I should have a job here. You should.
Go patrol.
You won't be equally represented male versus female.
Cause that's what a lot of people feel like when it comes to men and women,
like someone was telling bird on his podcast that the comedy store should be.
I know, I know that lady just, it,
she honestly has no idea what American comedy is all about. She definitely not.
LA yeah. Yeah. She's speaking in an uninformed way. The white child does a lot.
I mean, it's ridiculous to, and it's not a joke. He's just not that smart.
You don't get to tell that whatever, but this one was the same as jail,
where she was like uninformed and just going full bore. Um,
and she wasn't doing to promote anything.
She was just doing it because she thought it was right. But it's like, oh,
you don't really understand how this works. Um, there's a process.
Or it's like, I saw a blog once said we need more women in,
in like hiring positions. And it's like, oh,
you mean the head of the comedy store? The head of the comedy cellar,
head of New York comedy club, uh, uh, Cole, Bayer,
like there's plenty of female bookers. Like you don't really know.
So when you tell them that, then, then you go, oh, okay. Oh,
I didn't realize that.
Well, there's certain things that people love to say when they've done.
Almost no research on what it actually is. Yeah.
Yeah. So that lady, that lady had no clue. She just goes,
I'm not getting in here. I'm a big comic. I'm not getting in here. It must be.
It's just not causation causality. She goes, it must be because of this.
I've had my agents call and it's like, oh no,
I worked for Mitzi when agents or managers call and say my client and she go
off. That's not the way we do things.